hugo/content/publications.md, before:

+++
date = "2015-12-04T14:58:26+09:00"
title = "Publications"
weight = 2
+++

# Publications


## Peer-reviewed articles

* V. Chalupecký, A. Muntean, [_Semi-discrete finite difference multiscale
  scheme for a concrete corrosion model: a priori estimates and
  convergence_](http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s13160-012-0060-6). Japan J. Indust.
  Appl. Math.&nbsp;**29** (2012), pp. 289–316

* V. Chalupecký, T. Fatima, A. Muntean, [_Multiscale sulfate attack on sewer
  pipes: Numerical study of a fast micro-macro mass transfer
  limit_](http://gcoe-mi.jp/english/publish_list/pub_inner/id:4/cid:14).
  Journal of Math-for-Industry&nbsp;**2&nbsp;(2010B-7)** (2010), pp. 171–181

* V. Chalupecký, C. Eck, H. Emmerich, [_Computation of nonlinear multiscale
  coupling effects in liquid phase
  epitaxy_](http://dx.doi.org/10.1140/epjst/e2007-00240-6). Eur. Phys. J.
  Special Topics&nbsp;**149** (2007), pp. 1–17

* G. Krishnamoorthy, H. Emmerich, V. Chalupecký, [_Estimation of critical
  dislocation distances_](http://dx.doi.org/10.1140/epjst/e2007-00241-5). Eur.
  Phys. J. Special Topics&nbsp;**149** (2007), pp. 19–26

* M. Beneš, V. Chalupecký, K. Mikula, [_Geometrical image segmentation by the
  Allen-Cahn equation_](http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.apnum.2004.05.001). Applied
  Numerical Mathematics&nbsp;**51** (2004), pp. 187–205

## Peer-reviewed conference contributions

* V. Chalupecký, M. Kimura, [_An energy-consistent model of dislocation dynamics
  in an elastic body_](http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-4-431-56104-0_3).
  In Y. Nishiura, M. Kotani (Eds.), _Proceedings of Mathematical Challenges in a
  New Phase of Materials Science_, Kyoto, Japan, August 2014. Springer Japan,
  Tokyo (2016), pp. 53–68
  [arXiv:1601.02182](http://arxiv.org/abs/1601.02182)

* V. Chalupecký, H. Emmerich, [_Numerical scheme for two-scale model of liquid
  phase epitaxy_](http://geraldine.fjfi.cvut.cz/cjs2006/proc.html). In: M.
  Beneš, M. Kimura, T. Nakaki (eds.): Proceedings of Czech Japanese Seminar in
  Applied Mathematics, Prague, September 14–16, 2006, in COE Lecture Note, Vol.
  6, Faculty of Mathematics, Kyushu University, Fukuoka, 2007, ISSN 1881-4042,
  pp. 50–61 

* V. Chalupecký, [_Numerical studies of Cahn-Hilliard equation and applications
  in image processing_](http://geraldine.fjfi.cvut.cz/cjs2004/proceedings.php).
  In: M. Beneš, J. Mikyška, T. Oberhuber (eds.): Proceedings of the
  Czech-Japanese Seminar in Applied Mathematics 2004, Czech Technical
  University in Prague, August 4–7, 2004, Faculty of Nuclear Sciences and
  Physical Engineering, Czech Technical University in Prague, 2005, ISBN
  80-01-03181-0, pp. 11–24

## Preprints and non-peer-reviewed articles

Preprints on [arXiv.org](http://arxiv.org/a/chalupecky_v_1)

* V. Chalupecký, _Mesh deformation with penalty-based collision response_. MI
  Lecture Note Series&nbsp;**50**, Kyushu University (2013), 33–38. Proceedings
  of MEIS2013: Mathematical Progress in Expressive Image Synthesis, October
  21–23, 2013, Kyushu University.

* V. Chalupecký, T. Fatima, J. Kruschwitz, A. Muntean, [_Macroscopic corrosion
  front computations of sulfate attack in sewer pipes based on micro-macro
  reaction-diffusion
  model_](http://gcoe-mi.jp/english/publish_list/pub_inner/id:2/cid:18). COE
  Lecture Note&nbsp;**39** (2012), pp. 22–31 Proceedings of Joint Research Workshop
  Multiscale Mathematics, Dec 9–11, 2011, Institute of Mathematics for
  Industry, Kyushu University. Also available as: Eindhoven University of
  Technology, [CASA-Report No.
  12-01](http://www.win.tue.nl/analysis/reports/rana12-01.pdf) (2012),
  [arXiv:1201.6460](http://arxiv.org/abs/1201.6460)

* V. Chalupecký, A. Muntean, [_Semi-discrete finite difference multiscale
  scheme for a concrete corrosion model: approximation estimates and
  convergence_](http://gcoe-mi.jp/english/publish_list/pub_inner/id:3/cid:16).
  Kyushu University, MI Preprint Series&nbsp;MI2011-13 (2011),
  [arXiv:1106.4894](http://arxiv.org/abs/1106.4894)

* V. Chalupecký, Ch. Eck, and H. Emmerich, [_A two-scale model for liquid phase
  epitaxy_](http://www.mps.uni-bayreuth.de/en/publications/2006/Two_Scale_Model_for_Liquid-Phase_Epitaxy/index.html).
  Preprint&nbsp;196, DFG SPP 1095 “Mehrskalenprobleme” (2006)

* V. Chalupecký, M. Beneš, [_Some applications of parabolic differential
  equations of Allen-Cahn type in image
  processing_](http://dml.cz/dmlcz/700339).  In: J. Kuben, J. Vosmanský (eds.):
  Equadiff 10, Czechoslovak International Conference on Differential Equations
  and Their Applications, Prague, August 27–31, 2001. [Part 2] Papers. Masaryk
  University, Brno, 2002. pp. 83–101

## Books, book chapters

* A. Muntean, V. Chalupecký, [_Homogenization method and multiscale
  modeling_](http://gcoe-mi.jp/english/publish_list/pub_inner/id:2/cid:15).  MI
  Lecture Notes Series, Kyushu University, 2011

* L. Balykov, V. Chalupecký, Ch. Eck, H. Emmerich, G. Krishnamoorthy, A. Rätz,
  A. Voigt, [_Multiscale modeling of epitaxial growth: from discrete-continuum
  to continuum equations_](http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/3-540-35657-6_3). In: [A.
  Mielke (ed.): Analysis, Modeling and Simulation of Multiscale
  Problems](http://rd.springer.com/book/10.1007%2F3-540-35657-6), Springer
  (2006)

## PhD thesis

Vladimír Chalupecký, [_Non-linear diffusion PDEs and their
application_](http://mmg.fjfi.cvut.cz/~chalupecky/pdf/Chalupecky-phd-thesis.pdf).
Czech Technical University in Prague, 2008.

Commit message:

Update about me; add CoMFoS15 proceedings; add CoMFoS16 organization

hugo/content/publications.md, after:

+++
date = "2015-12-04T14:58:26+09:00"
title = "Publications"
weight = 2
+++

# Publications


## Peer-reviewed articles

* V. Chalupecký, A. Muntean, [_Semi-discrete finite difference multiscale
  scheme for a concrete corrosion model: a priori estimates and
  convergence_](http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s13160-012-0060-6). Japan J. Indust.
  Appl. Math.&nbsp;**29** (2012), pp. 289–316

* V. Chalupecký, T. Fatima, A. Muntean, [_Multiscale sulfate attack on sewer
  pipes: Numerical study of a fast micro-macro mass transfer
  limit_](http://gcoe-mi.jp/english/publish_list/pub_inner/id:4/cid:14).
  Journal of Math-for-Industry&nbsp;**2&nbsp;(2010B-7)** (2010), pp. 171–181

* V. Chalupecký, C. Eck, H. Emmerich, [_Computation of nonlinear multiscale
  coupling effects in liquid phase
  epitaxy_](http://dx.doi.org/10.1140/epjst/e2007-00240-6). Eur. Phys. J.
  Special Topics&nbsp;**149** (2007), pp. 1–17

* G. Krishnamoorthy, H. Emmerich, V. Chalupecký, [_Estimation of critical
  dislocation distances_](http://dx.doi.org/10.1140/epjst/e2007-00241-5). Eur.
  Phys. J. Special Topics&nbsp;**149** (2007), pp. 19–26

* M. Beneš, V. Chalupecký, K. Mikula, [_Geometrical image segmentation by the
  Allen-Cahn equation_](http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.apnum.2004.05.001). Applied
  Numerical Mathematics&nbsp;**51** (2004), pp. 187–205

## Peer-reviewed conference contributions

* V. Chalupecký, M. Kimura, [_An energy-consistent model of dislocation dynamics
  in an elastic body_](http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-4-431-56104-0_3).
  In Y. Nishiura, M. Kotani (Eds.), _Proceedings of Mathematical Challenges in a
  New Phase of Materials Science_, Kyoto, Japan, August 2014. Springer Japan,
  Tokyo (2016), pp. 53–68
  [arXiv:1601.02182](http://arxiv.org/abs/1601.02182)

* V. Chalupecký, H. Emmerich, [_Numerical scheme for two-scale model of liquid
  phase epitaxy_](http://geraldine.fjfi.cvut.cz/cjs2006/proc.html). In: M.
  Beneš, M. Kimura, T. Nakaki (eds.): Proceedings of Czech Japanese Seminar in
  Applied Mathematics, Prague, September 14–16, 2006, in COE Lecture Note, Vol.
  6, Faculty of Mathematics, Kyushu University, Fukuoka, 2007, ISSN 1881-4042,
  pp. 50–61 

* V. Chalupecký, [_Numerical studies of Cahn-Hilliard equation and applications
  in image processing_](http://geraldine.fjfi.cvut.cz/cjs2004/proceedings.php).
  In: M. Beneš, J. Mikyška, T. Oberhuber (eds.): Proceedings of the
  Czech-Japanese Seminar in Applied Mathematics 2004, Czech Technical
  University in Prague, August 4–7, 2004, Faculty of Nuclear Sciences and
  Physical Engineering, Czech Technical University in Prague, 2005, ISBN
  80-01-03181-0, pp. 11–24

## Preprints and non-peer-reviewed articles

Preprints on [arXiv.org](http://arxiv.org/a/chalupecky_v_1)

* V. Chalupecký, _Mesh deformation with penalty-based collision response_. MI
  Lecture Note Series&nbsp;**50**, Kyushu University (2013), 33–38. Proceedings
  of MEIS2013: Mathematical Progress in Expressive Image Synthesis, October
  21–23, 2013, Kyushu University.

* V. Chalupecký, T. Fatima, J. Kruschwitz, A. Muntean, [_Macroscopic corrosion
  front computations of sulfate attack in sewer pipes based on micro-macro
  reaction-diffusion
  model_](http://gcoe-mi.jp/english/publish_list/pub_inner/id:2/cid:18). COE
  Lecture Note&nbsp;**39** (2012), pp. 22–31 Proceedings of Joint Research Workshop
  Multiscale Mathematics, Dec 9–11, 2011, Institute of Mathematics for
  Industry, Kyushu University. Also available as: Eindhoven University of
  Technology, [CASA-Report No.
  12-01](http://www.win.tue.nl/analysis/reports/rana12-01.pdf) (2012),
  [arXiv:1201.6460](http://arxiv.org/abs/1201.6460)

* V. Chalupecký, A. Muntean, [_Semi-discrete finite difference multiscale
  scheme for a concrete corrosion model: approximation estimates and
  convergence_](http://gcoe-mi.jp/english/publish_list/pub_inner/id:3/cid:16).
  Kyushu University, MI Preprint Series&nbsp;MI2011-13 (2011),
  [arXiv:1106.4894](http://arxiv.org/abs/1106.4894)

* V. Chalupecký, Ch. Eck, and H. Emmerich, [_A two-scale model for liquid phase
  epitaxy_](http://www.mps.uni-bayreuth.de/en/publications/2006/Two_Scale_Model_for_Liquid-Phase_Epitaxy/index.html).
  Preprint&nbsp;196, DFG SPP 1095 “Mehrskalenprobleme” (2006)

* V. Chalupecký, M. Beneš, [_Some applications of parabolic differential
  equations of Allen-Cahn type in image
  processing_](http://dml.cz/dmlcz/700339).  In: J. Kuben, J. Vosmanský (eds.):
  Equadiff 10, Czechoslovak International Conference on Differential Equations
  and Their Applications, Prague, August 27–31, 2001. [Part 2] Papers. Masaryk
  University, Brno, 2002. pp. 83–101

## Books, book chapters

* A. Muntean, V. Chalupecký, [_Homogenization method and multiscale
  modeling_](http://gcoe-mi.jp/english/publish_list/pub_inner/id:2/cid:15).  MI
  Lecture Notes Series, Kyushu University, 2011

* L. Balykov, V. Chalupecký, Ch. Eck, H. Emmerich, G. Krishnamoorthy, A. Rätz,
  A. Voigt, [_Multiscale modeling of epitaxial growth: from discrete-continuum
  to continuum equations_](http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/3-540-35657-6_3). In: [A.
  Mielke (ed.): Analysis, Modeling and Simulation of Multiscale
  Problems](http://rd.springer.com/book/10.1007%2F3-540-35657-6), Springer
  (2006)

## Proceedings editor

* H. Itou, M. Kimura, V. Chalupecký, K. Ohtsuka, D. Tagami, A. Takada (Eds.),
  [Mathematical Analysis of Continuum Mechanics and Industrial Applications](http://link.springer.com/book/10.1007%2F978-981-10-2633-1).
  Proceedings of the International Conference CoMFoS15. Mathematics for
  Industry, Vol. 26, Springer (2017)

## PhD thesis

Vladimír Chalupecký, [_Non-linear diffusion PDEs and their
application_](http://mmg.fjfi.cvut.cz/~chalupecky/pdf/Chalupecky-phd-thesis.pdf).
Czech Technical University in Prague, 2008.
