+++
date = "2016-01-20T11:31:54+09:00"
title = "Software"
weight = 4
+++

# Open-source software projects

## [gonum](https://github.com/gonum/)

Actively contributing to the [gonum](https://github.com/gonum/) library for
numerical computations in [the Go programming
language](http://www.golang.org/).

## [umeshu](https://github.com/vladimir-ch/umeshu/)

A light-weight, open-source C++ library implementing half-edge data structure
and algorithms for generating triangular meshes in polygonal domains by
Delaunay refinement.

## [phf-snakes](https://github.com/vladimir-ch/phf-snakes/)

An C++/OpenMP implementation of an image segmentation algorithm described in
the paper M. Beneš, V.  Chalupecký, and K. Mikula, _Geometrical image
segmentation by the Allen-Cahn equation_. Applied Numerical Mathematics, **51**
(2004), 187–205.

## [concrete-corrosion](https://github.com/vladimir-ch/concrete-corrosion/)

An implementation of a multi-scale ODE/PDE model of concrete corrosion as
described in the lecture notes A. Muntean, V. Chalupecký, "[_Homogenization
Method and Multiscale Modeling_](http://www.imi.kyushu-u.ac.jp/eng/publishes/pub_inner/id:2/cid:15)",
COE Lecture Notes Series Vol. **34**, Kyushu University (2011).

## [thin-plate-splines](https://github.com/vladimir-ch/thin-plate-splines/)

A tiny C++ library for data interpolation/transformation/deformation using
polyharmonic splines.

## [polar-decomposition](https://github.com/vladimir-ch/polar-decomposition/)

A tiny C++ routine for computing the polar decomposition of square matrices
using an iterative algorithm proposed in N. Higham, _Computing the polar
decomposition with applications_. SIAM J. Sci. Stat. Comput. **7**(4) (1986),
1160–1174. [doi:10.1137/0907079](http://dx.doi.org/10.1137%2F0907079).

## [odeity](https://github.com/vladimir-ch/odeity/)

A small C++ library for solving systems of ODEs with a focus on systems arising
in the semi-discretization of partial differential equations. It implements
several explicit variable-step Runge-Kutta methods and provides an interface to
the [CVODE](https://computation.llnl.gov/casc/sundials/main.html) library.

# OpenFlipper Plugins

Plugins for [OpenFlipper](http://www.openflipper.org/) geometry processing
framework.

## [Plugin-Align](https://github.com/vladimir-ch/Plugin-Align)

This plugin aligns two triangular or polyhedral meshes using PCA with an
optional rescaling.

## [Plugin-ExtractSurface](https://github.com/vladimir-ch/Plugin-ExtractSurface)

This plugin creates a `TriMesh` or `PolyMesh` from boundary faces of a
`PolyhedralMesh` or `HexahedralMesh`.
